<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd"> 
<html lang="en-US" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> 
<h2>Zotero 2.1m58 (multilingual)</h2> 
<ul> 
<li><b>Revision 10: </b> Bump version to 0.7. Fix some obvious problems in startup affecting FF 3.6. Still doesn't seem to work on Windows 7 with FF 3.6, not sure why. </li><li><b>Revision 11: </b> Rotate arrow buttons 90 deg clockwise, as suggested by mark. </li><li><b>Revision 12: </b> Adjust icons following suggestions from mark. </li><li><b>Revision 13: </b> Adjustments to about screen, with accompanying changes to locale file. </li><li><b>Revision 14: </b> Adjustments to rollovers following suggestions from mark, with accompanying changes to localization. </li><li><b>Revision 15: </b> Revisions to build system, with a view to bringing up auto-updates. </li><li><b>Revision 16: </b> Mods to release.sh. There may be a long string of these coming up. </li><li><b>Revision 17: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 18: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 19: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 20: </b> Minor fix to updateInfo.xhtml </li><li><b>Revision 21: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 22: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 23: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 24: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 25: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 26: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 27: </b> release.sh debug </li><li><b>Revision 28: </b> Updates to .hgignore and release.sh, and add template file for about.xul (b/c version number changes here too with every release). </li><li><b>Revision 29: </b> Report raw comments to terminal, rather than HTML version. </li><li><b>Revision 30: </b> Incidental updates. </li><li><b>Revision 31: </b> Add updateURL to install.rdf template. </li><li><b>Revision 32: </b> Trivial checkin for testing purposes. </li><li><b>Revision 33: </b> Update to .hgignore. </li><li><b>Revision 34: </b> Updates for testing. </li><li><b>Revision 35: </b> Update for debugging </li><li><b>Revision 36: </b> Fix typos in update.tmpl </li><li><b>Revision 37: </b> Update for release debugging </li><li><b>Revision 38: </b> Yet another release debugging update. Ho-hum. </li><li><b>Revision 39: </b> One more release debugging update. Might take fire this time. </li><li><b>Revision 40: </b> No dice. Another debugging update. </li><li><b>Revision 41: </b> And another. </li><li><b>Revision 42: </b> And another (2). </li><li><b>Revision 43: </b> And another (3). </li><li><b>Revision 44: </b> And another (4). </li><li><b>Revision 45: </b> And another (5). </li><li><b>Revision 46: </b> And another (6). </li><li><b>Revision 47: </b> And another (6). </li><li><b>Revision 48: </b> Upgrade deuggging (8) </li><li><b>Revision 49: </b> Change name of plugin from "Zotero Item History" to "Item History for Zotero" </li><li><b>Revision 50: </b> Version updates for FF 7. </li><li><b>Revision 51: </b> Version update. </li><li><b>Revision 52: </b> Version update </li><li><b>Revision 53: </b> Allow Firefox 10 </li><li><b>Revision 54: </b> Fix version detection. </li><li><b>Revision 55: </b> Update version stuff. </li><li><b>Revision 56: </b> Another shot at version fix. </li><li><b>Revision 57: </b> Update </li><li><b>Revision 58: </b> Update </li>
</ul> 
</html>
